I18n (#6765)
cakephp/docs: en/core-libraries/internationalization-and-localization.rst

The word ``time`` after the placeholder number is also accepted and it
understands the same options as ``date``.

You can also use named placeholders like ``{name}`` in the message strings. 

> When using named placeholders pass the variables in an array using key/value pairs, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using named placeholders, pass the placeholder and replacement in an array using key/value pairs, 
```
